가지다 - have, hold; own, possess, keep
간(을) 하다 - apply (add) salt
간편하다 - simple and comfortable (Simple, easy, handy, and comfortable.)
(과일을) 따다 - pick fruit
굽다 - bake, roast, grill; burn, make; curve, be stooped
궁 - palace, bow (weapon)
(글을) 적다 - to write down, writing (content, knowledge)
끓다 - boil, become very hot (is)
끓이다 - boil, heat, simmer (i'm)
논 - rice paddy field
농사 - farming
농촌 - farming village, rural area
다지다 - mince, chop (To make meat, vegetables, etc., into fine pieces with a knife.)
대표 (하다) - represent (Represent characteristic of the whole. To become the representative of a group and act upon it.)
돌다 - turn, rotate, spin; go round, rotate
돌리다 - work/run, operate; turn, spin (To make something move in a circle.)
두르다 - put something around, wear; stack around, install around; hug
마늘 - garlic
마르다 - dry up, get (become) dry; be thirsty; lose weight
만두 - dumpling
(물에) 불리다 - to be soaked in water
미역(국) - seaweed (soup)
반죽(하다) - knead, make dough (To mix powder with water and soften the mass.)
볶다 - stir-fry (To drain most of water from ingredients, put them in a frying pan, and cook them over heat while stirring continuously.); nag, pester (To irritate another person by pressing him/her annoyingly.)
부치다 - fry, griddle (To spread the dough, an egg, etc., out and cook it in the greased frying pan.); dispatch, send (To forward a letter, object, etc.)
붙다 - stick to, cling to; pass (exam)
사실 - fact, truth
삶다 - boil (To put in water and boil.), coax (To make someone listen by coaxing him/her with good words or kind behavior.)
(생각이) 떠오르다 - to come up with an idea, call to remembrance, come to mind
섞다 - mix (To put two or more things together in one container or place.)
세탁소 - laundry (A shop that does the laundry, ironing, etc., for money.)
소스 - sauce; source
썰다 - slice, cut, chop
알맞다 - appropriate, proper, suitable
양념 - seasoning, spice
(양념에) 재우다 - marinate
어르신 - your father ((polite form) another person's father. (polite form) One's father's friend or an elderly person older than him.)
유래 - origin, history
유모차 - baby carriage, stroller (A small carriage used to carry a baby or toddler.)
익다 - ripen, be cooked/done, be fermented; skilled, experienced, practiced
익히다 - practice, learn; make oneself familiar with; ferment, cook, boil (To heat uncooked food such as meat, vegetables, grains, etc., and change their taste and properties.)
(잠이) 깨다 - awake from sleep, have one´s sleep interrupted
잼 - jam
(주사를) 맞다 - have an injection, have a shot
죽다 - die, pass away
찌다 - gain weight, put on weight, get steaming hot, be sultry, be sweltering
참기름 - sesame oil
최신 - latest, newest, up-to-date
충분하다 - sufficient, enough
튀기다 - fry (To put an ingredient in boiling oil, so that it inflates.); splash; bounce
한꺼번에 - all at once, at the same time, all together
