과목 - subject (Division of knowledge needed for teaching or learning according to categories.)
관련 - being related      (which kind, about, which sport, Nnews about Nweather/health)
근력 운동 - exercise of muscle
근육 - muscle
꾸준히 - steadily, persistently, consistently
남녀노소 - men and women of all ages, people of all ages and both sexes
느리다 - slow, sluggish
동작 - motion, movement; [working, operation (A machine, etc. working properly.)]
땀 - sweat; stitch
땀(이) 나다 - to sweat
뛰다 - run, dash; jump, hop
목(이) 마르다 - be[feel] thirsty[dry]
무리하다 - impractical, unreasonable, be too much
변화 - change (A state in which the shape, condition, property, etc., of something have been altered.)
보람 - fruit, benefit, effect, worth (A good result or a feeling of satisfaction that one gets after doing something.)
수면 - water surface; sleep (the act of sleeping)
스파게티 - spaghetti
심야 - dead/middle of the night, late night (A very late night.)
(생각이) 들다 - come to mind
어차피 - in any case, anyway, anyhow, after all
역기 - barbell, weight (An exercising apparatus that consists of an iron bar with heavy lumps of metal attached to both ends, used for weightlifting or muscle training.)
윗몸 일으키기 - sit-up (An exercise in which one sits up and lies back down, while lying on one's back and having one's legs held down or fixed.)
유산소 운동 - aerobic exercise
일상적 - daily, everyday, usual, ordinary, routine
일석이조 - killing two birds with one stone (An act of accomplishing two things with a single action.)
자세 - posture, pose; attitude (One's mental attitude or frame of mind toward something.)
적응하다 - adapt, adjust (To get accustomed to, or change to fit into, a condition or environment.)
전체 - whole (Something considered as an entirety, which is composed of elements or parts.)
조깅 - jogging
줄넘기 - rope skipping, jump rope (A play where two people hold each end of a long rope and swing it in circular motion and the others jump over it.)
체육 - exercise, physical activity/education
팔 굽혀 펴기 - push-up
적 - enemy, opponent
훨씬 - by far, much, a lot
흘리다 - spill, drop, leak out
